It makes me want to puke.
I'll mangle you!
We're heading into the final two minutes!
They've got one last chance to score!
Alrighty. We need to find one heck of a game-ending counterattack.
The optimal route to the goal.
Who should I pass the ball to?
Bane?
He's lost it.
Intense.
Screw it all.
Screw the revenge shit.
Screw the rival shit.
Screw the brother shit.
Anything that ties me down makes me sick to my stomach!
I'll kill them all.
Let's go, Dean! We can use our combo to score!
Outside? Why would he choose a tighter angle for our counter?
Okay.
I'm flattered that you came to me.
I'm glad you came to visit.
But it's bad manners to have your tongue out, you know.
Drop dead, shrimp.
The weapon you're so proud of is your speed.
I'll bait you into accelerating.
Then I'll move the other way.
And erase you!
Was he always that good at one-on-ones?
It doesn't make sense.
This is nothing like the lead I know.
There's no rationality to his movements.
What the hell is he thinking?
I'm not sure I can beat him.
What's your game here?
Challenging me next?
This is a massacre, you damn tattooed baldy.
Your weapon's slipping around, people.
So I'll take your place on the stage.
And use your own weapon to end you!
I see. He's trying to get us to use our best moves so he can demolish us with them.
What an arrogant, selfish style of play!
He's clear. I can cross it.
Right there!
Not so fast!
You're dreaming if you think you can get...
He's using his dance to stop me from turning?
And he's controlling the ball with his heel?
And he's controlling the ball with his heel? From that stance?
That's two bucks crushed.
Squish, squish.
Go ahead and try me!
If you're still out buying, you bastard!
Now for number three.
He's all about physicality and his presses.
Using his stable core as his main weapon.
Kill, kill, kill.
If I put out some bait, you can't help yourself.
No way. Did this guy intentionally over-hit the ball?
Your fitting tricks are completely worthless when faced with my physique!
DUMBERMAN CHARGE!
Now your place.
Piss off, old man.
Center of gravity.
FULL BURST!
This kid...
He used the power of my charge to push me off balance from below!
There's no call from the referee! There's no call from the referee!
Not quite a foul!
He gets past the defense!
Rin Itoshi's tearing down the Iron Wall Quartet!
Holy crap!
What's going on with Rin?
His goal is to draw out his opponent's strongest weapon.
And show his superiority by crushing them with it.
Rin Itoshi.
So this is the shape of your flow.
You're a madman.
This is a side of Rin I've never seen.
It's the polar opposite of Sai Itoshi's beautiful destruction.
His style coaxes out his opponent's best move and...
And mangles it!
So that's what your ego's like.
You're pretty messed up aren't you, Mr Baby Genius?
One more left.
I'll tear it apart.
Destroy everything and everyone that binds me.
Kill it.
With this skull, I'll be reborn.
One left. I'll kill it. Kill it. Kill it!
We're a bit over 28 meters from the goal.
If he gets past me, it's game over.
My best course of action is to buy time.
Ride out the intensity.
First, I'll update all of my internal data.
Outspeeding Nero.
Slipping past Dadae.
And overwhelming Neo.
He's gone up a level. A few levels.
His play style is one of pure aggression and brutality.
Interesting, Rin Itoshi.
Try to surpass me at my peak!
Seriously? I don't stand a chance against him?
Pretty good moves, Litty Rin!
You're letting your heat down?
I'm not letting Shido go buck wild.
All my cells are in love.
But I still won't let you steal the spotlight.
Great timing, Shido.
We can do this!
Our odds of winning are going up!
Should I wait?
No. This might be our only chance.
This is good enough to bet it all on!
Double press!
Rin! I'm open! Pass it to me!
You again?
This is bad. We can't stop both of them.
Stop trying to limit my potential!
Get away from me, Siki! You parasite!
Destroy. Kill.
He's taking a shot from that stance?
Over here! Lean!
Number 11's shots seem to be feeding his insanity.
Regardless...
All I have to do is block it!
Huh?
This shot was a fate?
Not yet!
You haven't broken me yet!
I'll crush you into pieces!
I'll mangle it all!
Go ahead and try!
If you really are a striker that can change this country, that is!
Die.
Huh?
Shiro!
Ahhhh
Sigh.
Lukewarm...I knew it.
boarding
Supreme! Supreme! Supreme! Supreme!
Supreme!
With one minute of additional time,
Saitoshi has the ball!
There's no timer!
Is this the last play?
Yeah, this is gonna be good!
No way!
Heads up!
We have to stop him!
The chain is going in!
Hurry!
Come on!
Block it even if it kills you!
If I can steal it, we can still win this!
I'm not done yet!
There!
It's mine!
Messed by a hair!
Don't discharge it!
I'll try to buy it sometime!
We don't got enough bodies!
Go cover whoever's free!
If they score now, it's game over!
So push them back!
On it!
Kill.
Mangle.
Destroy!
The fact that you failed to score is proof of your limitations.
Quit yapping, you poor excuse for a big brother!
Who the hell do you think you are?
If only you had stayed at home and been a good boy.
You could have lived your life blissfully unaware.
But then you stuck your nose where it didn't belong.
You asked for this.
Shut up!
Stop trying to bind my ego with words!
Now you know the truth, Dean.
You can't become the best in the world.
That's enough!
Stop!
You can't even play without using me as your excuse.
The best in the world?
The best you can do is live in the shadow of your brother.
We're half-baked, so quit.
Don't use me as an excuse to play soccer.
I think I understand what he was trying to tell me that day.
There was more than cruelty behind those words.
The half-baked one.
The one who makes me wanna puke.
I know you're a fool.
You're a fool!
The one who needs to be destroyed.
Was me all along.
Little brother of a genius.
Partner.
Rival.
I'm so sick of all these convenient labels.
They have no place in my life.
I don't need them.
I'm not something to any of you.
You...
Sai Itoshi's little brother.
I'm done with that.
I'll believe in this indignation in my heart.
I'll give in to these destructive thoughts.
I am...
Me.
I'm the egoist.
Rin Itoshi!
That was awesome.
Play soccer with me.
Oh, you look at that.
I'm surprised you can still make that face.
Let's go!
Kick his ass!
Come on!
imin will win begin!
We won't lose, metamorfoku!
We can go in a second.
I was planed to do your aliens thing.
I know they were up to do this,
I neither did anything but be an idiot.
challengers.
Jeter!
GOOOOOO!
BLUELUX FURTHER MASSIVE GOAL!
Only one player stayed within range of the goal
and it was BLUELUX number 11!
Yohichi Isaki shot rockets directly into the net!
And now he's in the lead!
And that's it folks, the referee has signalled the end of the game!
The final score is 3-4!
And the winners are...
The BLUELUX 11!
YEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAY!
YEEEEEAAAAY!
Hey, genius.
Why didn't you pass it up to the forward line?
If you hadn't held it, then at least we wouldn't have given away that goal.
With one minute on the clock, time would have run out if we passed it around.
I was aiming for the optimal play.
A decisive pass to you would have sealed it.
You got to me before you could get into a good position to make a shot.
That's all there is to it.
Ah, so then it's your fault for underestimating your little brother.
I'm counting this as a goal I would have scored.
That makes three, which means somebody owes me their number.
At least let me shower first.
That was certainly a clam ending.
Oh, thank you.
Nice goal, Yuro.
Oh, Aiku.
Were you aiming for my blind spot the entire time?
Yeah, that's right.
I wanted a place that I could shoot from.
I had faith in Rin, that his trance state would overcome Saibitoshi.
It was the culmination of the whole match.
I see now.
So you reflexively ran to the spot where those three conditions met.
And by pure coincidence, the ball made its way there.
You invited your own luck, Yoruchi.
Sugi.
You guys won this match.
So congrats.
Good luck.
Dean.
It seems I was mistaken.
I didn't think Japan...
was capable of producing a decent striker.
Brother.
He was able to awaken your instincts.
Maybe he can reform Japan's soccer.
Yoichi Iseki.
He might actually have what it takes.
Huh?
This country...
There's still a chance.
Yo, Iseki!
They want you over there for a post-match TV interview!
Huh?
Aren't you supposed to focus on existing weapons?
We're brave enough to butt you back.
Dang it.
Well now, it's time to drum around this whole store.
Assist in handball with me...
So you're really nozzle.
Thisfive.
Got some time?
Com'in!
We'llafood line.
Give it!
chauffeur's discharge!
You guys irely, you Gorey or not?
Take a look.
But I am not only in Vignola,
Then joining a team like Yoichi Iseki will take my mammals.
This speaker has infinite ability.
Terraё Anime,
Where do I see myself in the future?
I wonder, what is it that I want?
The World Cup.
To answer your question, Bluelock will win the U-20 World Cup.
That's my goal.
Actually, what I mean to say is, I promise you all, I will lead Japan at the World Cup
and bring it back.
I promise.
Thank you all for your support!
Congratulations, my diamonds in the rough.
You've achieved something extraordinary today.
That said, you mustn't become complacent.
Do not let this be the peak of your careers.
This victory is not the end of the fight.
It's merely Bluelock's starting point.
I still intend to shape someone among you into the best striker in the world.
That dream hasn't changed.
In order to birth a hero who will lead Japan's team, and achieve victory at the U-20 World
Cup, everyone else must walk the path of ruination.
So you'd better prepare yourselves for the trials to come.
We here at the Bluelock Project have officially reached the point of no return.
Fear not.
Our minds are like clear waters.
We will not give up.
You are—
no, no, no
You are elliot abraujan.
Let us watch gripping will make him Situation technical sunglasses.
Looking red is still the chance.
But has your effort been paid?
Keep pushing and climbing and keep pushing.
You are fault.
I want to fly
Don't you think so? It's a beautiful sky
We can dance here too
We can get it in love, oh yeah
I want to go
To the sky close, it's a wonderful day
It will be love to me
Though it takes time to breathe
Don't you think so?
La la la la la la la la la la
It will be love to me
Though it takes time to breathe
Breathe
Besy my love
Feel the wheel,
Feels the speed
lucid filling
It leans the way
Throwing in a trail
At your unwilling name
The sea wall
au
Shut up.
Just die already.
I'll never forgive you for this.
From this moment onwards,
you're a rival that I have to destroy.
So don't forget.
I'm going to kill you no matter what.
Yeah.
I'd like to see you try.
So what did you think of Blue Lock?
I'm curious.
We're poised to kick off a revolution in the world of soccer.
All we need is your agreement so we can proceed.
The World's Best Troll
will look for where the soccer is its most intense.
Then out of nowhere, that's where they'll appear.
Blue Lock Project Phase 2.
The Neo-Egoist League is set to begin.
I'll make them get on their damn knees.
This Blue Lock.